you got gummies
yeah good food that looks delicious
she doing breast feed what don't feed
the forest gummies honey I don't think
the flowers eat gummy is just want to
see what they made today at school oh my
gosh this is so adorable
it's Britta farmer with the farmer look
she's got her own little tractor that's
wonderful did you do that for the next
one look a lifecycle of a chicken so
goes where does it go from egg to a
chick and yeah it cracks our ghost your
chick and then we're after a chick where
does it go to a hen and then the hen
lays up an egg yep and then we eat the
hens for dinner don't tell anyone
Oh ears these bag this is the teapot you
were talking about you call it a teapot
what are you studying we just wanted to
color our teapot today I don't know what
that's for baby shape sometimes there's
a shape guy there's a shape guy that's
really good did you get to glue the
shapes on did you glue them yourself
did the teacher help you or did you do
all by yourself oh what a good boy give
me five yeah hey Bruce give me five for
that beautiful picture of you as a
farmer knowing your life cycle of a
chicken that's wonderful mm-hmm Oh guess
you're good kids kids is don't well on
the road bed let's go play in the
backyard for a little bit guys yeah I'm
doing this little project where I'm hey
anybody want a free baby bye
carrier thingy you do contact me I'm
gonna put some of these slabs on the
side so our garbage can be there
our back hurts right in through there
yep see it usually just goes right here
that's how to try and make it a little
nicer maybe a little bit nicer to sit on
the little platform we're selling our
house as you know so things that I
didn't do for my own self I'm now doing
for strangers that are going to be
buying my house does that even make
sense
probably not except that I want to sell
my house birthdays oh you need get your
shoes bud I'll be working on that
project
the end supergirl flying through the air
hiss ah he's a super girl whoo super
girl superwoman oh let's get this
straight
superwoman you wanna do superwoman to
maybe maybe even prison son you can do
superwoman to
come on guys with the rock and roll
there you go Z there's a rocket roll
who's like a folksy guitar player chris
is on the electric he's rockin out on
the 12 string we're a regular Partridge
Family yeah a regular one
this music class 101 guys rock out ready
one two one two three go no you have to
plug it in if you want better with the
amp boo
okay flat one okay yeah you want it back
yeah all right careful
Oh straight oh my gosh hi Park Bailey
surprised that didn't bash someone in
the hey nice twisty switch with boo
he likes to rock and roll guitar no your
uz you're gonna have to trade innocent
stinky this smell like metal then ask
him nicely we're gonna have to set the
timer I guess ever yeah can you get the
closed string to me ID just for a little
bit
Hey dee dee dee it would makes me really
happy if you give her a turn on the 12
string yes you did all right it's time
for bed you guys had a big day today
out of tune har